Adding MassTransit Connector for ServiceControl (#6961)
Particular/docs.particular.net: servicecontrol/masstransit/docker-deployment.md

---
title: MassTransit Connector Docker Deployment
summary: Configurating and running the MassTransit connector and the rest of the Particular Platform
reviewed: 2024-12-02
component: ServiceControl
---

## Overview

> When the MassTransit is used with the rest of the platfrom there are in total 4 containers that get deployed:
> 
> 1. ServiceControl
> 1. ServiceControl-RavenDB
> 1. MassTransit-Connector
> 1. ServicePulse

Author: ```suggestion
WhenMassTransit is used with the rest of the platform, there are in total 4 containers that get deployed:

1. [particular/servicecontrol](https://hub.docker.com/r/particular/servicecontrol)
1. [particular/servicecontrol-ravendb](https://hub.docker.com/r/particular/servicecontrol-ravendb)
1. [particular/servicecontrol-masstransit-connector](https://hub.docker.com/r/particular/servicecontrol-masstransit-connector)
1. [particular/servicepulse](https://hub.docker.com/r/particular/servicepulse)
```

> The ServiceControl and ServiceControl-RavenDB containers are used to ingest messages from the `error` queue. The MassTransit-Connector container reads messages from the MassTransit system's `_error` queues and moves them into the `error` queue to be ingested by ServiceControl. The ServicePulse container exposes a web interface to allow users to retry failed messages back to the MassTransit system.

Author: ```suggestion
The `particular/servicecontrol` and `particular/servicecontrol-ravendb` containers are used to ingest messages from the `error` queue. The `particular/servicecontrol-masstransit-connector` container reads messages from the MassTransit system's error queues and moves them into the `error` queue to be ingested by ServiceControl. The `particular/servicepulse` container exposes a web interface to allow users to retry failed messages back to the MassTransit system.
```

> ## Docker Compose 

Author: This section needs to be updated

Reviewer: yes, I will delete the sampla and remove these
